Other fixes for docs referencing old status bar (#3419)
microsoft/vscode-cmake-tools: docs/cmake-presets.md

### CMake: Select Configure Preset

> **CMake: Select Configure Preset** lists the union of non-hidden Configure Presets defined in `CMakePresets.json` and `CMakeUserPresets.json`. Select a Configure Preset to make it the active Configure Preset. This is the `configurePreset` value that's used when CMake is invoked to generate the project build system. The active Configure Preset appears on the CMake Tools side bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CMake: Select Configure Preset** lists the union of non-hidden Configure Presets defined in `CMakePresets.json` and `CMakeUserPresets.json`. Select a Configure Preset to make it the active Configure Preset. This is the `configurePreset` value that's used when CMake is invoked to generate the project build system. The active Configure Preset appears on the CMake Tools sidebar.
```

### CMake: Select Build Preset

> **CMake: Select Build Preset** lists the Default Build Preset and the union of non-hidden Build Presets defined in `CMakePresets.json` and `CMakeUserPresets.json`. The Default Build Preset is equivalent to passing `cmake --build` with no additional arguments from the command line. Select a Build Preset to make it the active Build Preset. This is the `buildPreset` value that's used when CMake is invoked to build the project. The active Build Preset is displayed on the CMake Tools side bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CMake: Select Build Preset** lists the Default Build Preset and the union of non-hidden Build Presets defined in `CMakePresets.json` and `CMakeUserPresets.json`. The Default Build Preset is equivalent to passing `cmake --build` with no additional arguments from the command line. Select a Build Preset to make it the active Build Preset. This is the `buildPreset` value that's used when CMake is invoked to build the project. The active Build Preset is displayed on the CMake Tools sidebar.
```

**CMake: Select Test Preset** lists the default Test Preset and the union of non-hidden Test Presets defined in `CMakePresets.json` and `CMakeUserPresets.json`. The default Test Preset is the same as invoking `ctest` with no other arguments from the command line.

> Select a Test Preset to make it the active Test Preset. This is the `testPreset` value that will be used when you invoke CTest to run tests. The active Test Preset appears on the CMake Tools side bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a Test Preset to make it the active Test Preset. This is the `testPreset` value that will be used when you invoke CTest to run tests. The active Test Preset appears on the CMake Tools sidebar in the Project Status View.
```

All Test Presets must specify an associated `configurePreset` value. CMake Tools will hide Test Presets that don't apply to the active Configure Preset. For more information, see the [list of Test Presets](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-presets.7.html#test-preset).

### CMake: Run Tests

To invoke CTest, run **CMake: Run Tests from the command palette**. This is the same as running `ctest --preset <testPreset>` from the command line, where `<testPreset>` is the name of the active Test Preset.

> ### CMake Tools side bar behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CMake Tools Project Status View behavior
```

Reviewer: seems like the project outline isn't included in this section so I thought it should be more specific? up to you :)

> The CMake Tools side bar displays the active Configure Preset, Build Preset, and Test Preset under their respective Configure, Build, and Test Nodes. You can select each option to change the active preset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CMake Tools Project Status View in the sidebar displays the active Configure Preset, Build Preset, and Test Preset under their respective Configure, Build, and Test Nodes. You can select each option to change the active preset:
```

> ![Screenshot of the CMake side bar, showing the active Configure Preset, Build Preset, and Test Preset.](images/cmake-presets.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the CMake sidebar, showing the active Configure Preset, Build Preset, and Test Preset.](images/cmake-presets.png)
```

> To show or hide individual status bar icons, you can modify `cmake.statusbar.advanced` in `settings.json`. For more information on how to configure your view, please see our [CMake view configuration docs](cmake-options-configuration.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show or hide individual status bar icons, you can modify `cmake.options.advanced` in `settings.json`. For more information on how to configure your view, please see our [CMake view configuration docs](cmake-options-configuration.md)
```
